# Rubik_s_Cube_Scrambler_Sequence_Generator
## Background
I started doing Rubik's cube when I was 6 years old. It was 3x3x3 cube, and after solving it, I challenged myself in bigger sizes, notably 4x4x4, 5x5x5, 6x6x6, and 7x7x7. After that, I used a stopwatch on the internet to solve the cubes. But of all these, the intriging aspect is the scrambling sequence, which only can be generated by sizes 2x2x2 to 5x5x5 (please correct me if I am wrong).

This is where I got an idea. The idea is to provide a sequence of random scrambling sequences of sizes 6x6 and higher. This idea avoids relying onto our random scrambles themselves and make scrambling more random. At the same time, I thought of adding a difficulty type, which can make scrambling interesting. In easy difficulty, one can avoid the usual CFOP or Beginner's method and just inspect few moves to complete. But in hard difficulty, the scrambles are completely random and not intuitive without using CFOP and Beginner's method.
## Description
This app generates a move sequence from sizes 2x2 to 17x17. Unlike other types of scrambling sequences, it has an option to select a difficulty of a solve (easy - few moves to scramble, hard - more moves to scramble). In addition, there is a special notation I came up with when scrambling with cubers bigger than 3x3.
##Notation
To decipher the generated sequence, here is the legend:
```
B - Back Face
D - Down Face
F - Front Face
L - Left Face
R - Right Face
U - Up Face

(No notation after a selected face) - Turn it 90 Degrees Clockwise
' - Turn it 90 Degrees Counter-Clockwise
2 - Turn it 180 Degrees

*n*B - _n_ layers of Back Face
*n*D - _n_ layers of Down Face
*n*F - _n_ layers of Front Face
*n*L - _n_ layers of Left Face
*n*R - _n_ layers of Right Face
*n*U - _n_ layers of Up Face
```
Special moves such as M, E, S, X, Y, and Z are not included — these moves are very confusing in the generated sequence.
## Note
This is coded in Android Studio. The minimum requirement is the version Android 7.0, Pixel 2.0, API 24.
